Add three new theorems regarding countable pi-character (#1791)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000905.md

---
uid: T000905
if:
  and:
  - P000134: true
  - P000016: true
  - P000081: true
then:
  P000244: true
refs:
  - zb: "0559.54003"
    name: Cardinal functions I (R. Hodel), Ch. 1 of Handbook of set-theoretic topology
---

> This is a special case of Theorem 7.13 of {{zb:0559.54003}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result with {P134} replaced by {P3} is a special case of Theorem 7.13 in {{zb:0559.54003}}
(which uses "compact" to mean compact Hausdorff).
The current result is obtained by passing to the Kolmogorov quotient.
```
